a new major computer virus has spread
throughout the world this virus is
similar to w a cry in which the virus
would take control of the computer and
demand
Ransom in this case however doesn't seem
to be making those same demands the
complete disruption of business instead
has been the result this has affected
computers and businesses all over the
world including Russia and even the
Chernobyl radiation system this virus
has been viewed by NATO as the reason to
Call to Arms to begin a military war
against the perpetrators as this is a
direct assault on these affected
countries the question I have is who are
those doing these cyber attacks will
they stand up and admit it
how do we really know if this isn't just
another excuse for a war a false flag
event yet more people dying every day in
needless war crimes
committed to innocent lives all to fill
the pockets of the globalists the grand
scheme may continue to
expand cyber war is real let's be clear
even Edward Snowden has talked about
governments hacking each other he stated
that all go governments hack other
governments regularly so it's certainly
possible that this was a state sponsored
event but we really don't know how will
we ever know what the truth is if we are
sold so much
propaganda hegelian dialectic this is
problem reaction solution we have a
problem that is cyber attacks the public
is upset businesses are upset
governments in turn respond they can
attack back and or they can clamp down
on domestic activities this is what
worries me to a great degree the
governments could use this as an excuse
to limit our use of the internet to
destroy our freedom that we currently
have on it we used to be able to speak
freely but at this time it has gone on
we have been put into these digital Free
Speech zones any Cyber attack whether
organic or contrived could be used to
pass new laws which limit our personal
freedoms how to protect
yourself as for
cryptocurrencies and government Fiat we
need to protect ourselves any currency
which is held at an institution could be
eliminated
instantly hackers could steal it Banks
may call for a bank Hall in a day
currency could be devalued overnight and
ATMs may not let you extract your money
crypto exchanges can be hacked into it
happened to
me keep your money
offline the banks aren't safe The
Exchange aren't safe don't take any risk
something like a treasure might be good
for you if you have some Savings in
cryptocurrencies for those with Savings
in cash in the
bank you should only be holding on to
what you believe is needed for your
daily
expenses I would like to know what you
think about cyber attacks and the
potential for loss take
care